Game rules
Very simple.
Hanging around your neck is a stop sling switch
The other one is in Qinghong
You losers are standing there
Hurry up and grab it to save this young master
Don't scold them yet
After all, your life is in their hands
What do you mean?
Put a lot
Don't interrupt me.
In a while, the fire will press the switch
The rope will slowly come down
Only you
Just go find something and hit that switch
But if you can't do that
Your master's life is gone
You want to kill me?
You stinky woman
The game itself is not played
You can ask them to let me go
Shut up, the rules set by big sister
No bargaining qualification
Or play to the death?
You choose.
You bastards
Do you really want to watch this young master die?
Quick answer, who can hit the 100,000 given by this young master